Eldon Tyrell

eldon.tyrell@gmail.com

555-75-555-75

 

Objective

 

Energetic and curiosity-driven Android developer with 5+ years of experience writing top-quality clean code for high-paced businesses. Eager to support Adobe in modernizing its world-class products and delivering an incredible user experience. In previous roles created a top-selling app for kids (250K+ downloads to date) that brought in upwards of $300K.

 

Work Experience

 

Senior Android Developer

Nozdyveh, Los Angeles, CA

2015–

Implemented features for various applications in Java, Kotlin, and C++.
Determined architectural and product design details for open-ended tasks or specifications.
Collaborated with quality engineers, user research, product management, design, and support teams to ensure quality in all phases of app development.
Worked closely with core technology teams and other platform teams to balance cross-platform consistency with Android-optimization.
Wrote elegant, self-documenting code, easy to read and adapt for other developers.
Reviewed design specs and engineering docs and provide feedback.
Key achievements:

Created and tested 25+ Android apps and games that brought in about $300K within a 6-month period.
Integrated third party libraries including Picasso and ActionBarSherlock
Implemented Clean Architecture using Dagger2 nad RxJava.
 

Android Developer

MLT-DD, Los Angeles, CA

2013–2015

Developed native Android applications and frameworks using Kotlin and Java.
Defined and implemented robust app architectures and complex user interfaces.
Applied expert knowledge of Android system frameworks to solve novel problems.
Collaborated with designers, engineers, and product managers to build great experiences.
Worked with BLE, beacons, and connected devices.
Key achievement:

Created a free Math app for kids that was downloaded over 250K times.
 

Education

 

B.A., Software Engineering

UCLA, Los Angeles, CA

2013

 

Key Skills

 

Software engineering
Analytical skills
Open-mindedness
Graphics and image-processing (OpenGL, Vulkan)
Android development and architecture
C++ with Android NDK integration
Unit testing
End-to-end systems
Collaboration
 

Certifications

 

Associate Android Developer—Google
 

Languages

 

Spanish—Bilingual
French—Communicative
 

Interests

 

Downhill mountain bike racing
Biotechnology