Linda E. Hubbard

CompTIA A+ Certified IT Support Technician

linda.hubbard@gmail.com

901-833-6388

linkedin.com/in/lindahubbard

 

Summary of Qualifications
 

Personable and knowledgeable IT support technician with over 4 years of experience assisting customers with various hardware and software related issues. Provided in-depth technical support to clients at a Tier 2 level, solving 99.2% of issues without transferring to Tier 3 support. Seeking to provide expert technical support to enterprise organizations as the L3 tech support engineer at QuantX Group.

 

Work Experience
 

IT Technical Support Specialist L2/Tier 2
January 2017–November 2019
Jones Software Group, Memphis, TN

Key Qualifications & Responsibilities

Coordinated with Level 1 technical support specialists to take over calls outside their level of support.
Assisted customers with more difficult technical issues requiring a greater level of personalized care and in greater length.
Escalated support desk tickets to Level 3 in the most crucial circumstances and after considerable time had been spent on a single ticket.
Onboarded and trained all incoming junior tech support specialists.
Key Achievements

Solved 99.2% of Level 2 tech support tickets without needing to escalate to Level 3 tech support engineers.
 

Technical Support Specialist L1/Tier 1
October 2015–December 2016
Memphis Media Menagerie, Memphis, TN

Key Qualifications & Responsibilities

Supported customers with basic technical support for current and past software releases.
Assisted clients with general support for hardware, peripherals, network connections, and external software.
Escalated help desk tickets to Level 2 / Tier 2 support when outside the scope of L1/T1 technician support.
 

Education
 

Bachelor of Science in Computing and Security Technology

Drexel University, Philadelphia, PA

Graduation: 2015

Relevant Coursework: Computing and Informatics Design, Database Management Systems, Responding to Technological Failures and Concerns, Web Systems and Services, Information Security Management, Systems Analysis and Design, Database Design and Implementation.

 

Key Skills
 

Software Troubleshooting & Problem Solving
Phone & Email Technical Support
BMC Helix IT Service Management (ITSM) Software 
Communication & Interpersonal Skills
Creative Thinking Skills
 

Certifications
 

Google IT Support Professional Certificate
AppleCare Mac Technician (ACMT)
HDI Customer Service Representative (HDI-CSR) Certification
Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA)
 

Memberships
 

Help Desk Institute (HDI)
The Association of Support Professionals (ASP)
Technology Services Industry Association (TSIA)
Network and Systems Professionals Association (NASPA)
 

Languages
 

Norwegian: Intermediate Working Proficiency