Christopher L. Hall

AWS Certified Solutions Architect

christopher.hall@gmail.com

(951) 756-5600

linkedin.com/in/christopherhall

 

Summary of Qualifications
 

AWS-certified big data solution architect with 4+ years of experience driving information management strategy. Strategized, designed, and deployed innovative and complete security architecture for cloud data protection for 15 Fortune 500 companies. Seeking to leverage high-level understanding of Amazon Web Services global infrastructure and service migrations to become the senior solution architect at Atlassian.

 

Work Experience
 

Cloud Solution Architect
May 2017–July 2019
Jamma Technologies, Los Angeles, CA

Key Qualifications & Responsibilities

Designed and edited blueprints for IT infrastructure and networking architecture according to management’s demands.
Monitored existing infrastructure and architectural frameworks for performance, and made changes and updates when necessary.
Kept up to date with latest industry knowledge and news to maintain and improve enterprise and business platforms.
Communicated target architectural plans and company roadmaps across all departments.
Key Achievements

Strategized, designed, and deployed innovative and complete cloud data security architecture for 15 Fortune 500 companies.
 

Enterprise Solution Architect
February 2015–May 2017
Leesing Square Capital Group, Irvine, CA

Key Qualifications & Responsibilities

Developed enterprise architectural blueprints, along with descriptive documentation for all stakeholders.
Designed and tweaked global AWS infrastructure, including nodes in 12 regions and 52 sub-regions.
Migrated applications, accounts, and platforms when necessary and feasible. 
 

Education
 

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science

Stanford University, Stanford, CA

Graduation: 2014

Relevant Coursework: Business Architecture Elements, Enterprise Architecture, Infrastructure Architecture, Software Architecture, IT Project Management, Cloud Management Solutions, Network Infrastructure, Cloud Security, Fundamentals of Enterprise Solutions Architecture. 

 

Key Skills
 

Authentication systems
System, platform, and account migrations
Data and cloud security
AWS cloud infrastructure
Virtual environment design and implementation
 

Certifications
 

AWS Certified Solutions Architect — Professional
Google Cloud Certified — Professional Cloud Architect
Open Group Certified Architect (Open CA)
IASA Certified IT Architect Professional (CITA-P)
 

Memberships
 

International Association for Solution Architecture (IASA)
The Association of Enterprise Architects (AEA)
 

Languages
 

Portuguese (Portugal): Professional Working Proficiency